Hi.
We didn't this lecture we going to find a way to download those images that we got from the fires store.
Right now we only have the euro or else this one.
OK.
And we're going to download those images and show them to the user in our custom view sets in order
to do that.
We have to find a way to asynchronously download those images and show them to the users.
Why do I use the term missing cronies.
Because as you know if we do this synchrony lead will block the user interface.
We will have to wait until it gets downloaded from the Internet and user won't be able to use the app
and it will crash eventually.
OK.
So let me go to Google and let me search for AOS Swift as sync OK and image load or image download into
Image view.
So that's exactly what we want.
Right.
We want to asynchronously download some images from some your URLs and show them inside of an Image
view.
And in here as you can see we have a lot of tutorials and also some tools.
So I'm going to use this as developed image.
OK.
This is one of the most popular ones.
You're more than welcome to try.
The other ones as well.
But I believe as these web image is good.
So if you're not satisfied with it's later on you can come back and try to Kingfisher for example.
And if you come to this Web site GitHub dot com SD web image you may see DST web image tooling here.
So this tool is created for us and it's very easy to use it's very user friendly.
You just say the url and it downloads the image and shows inside of an Image view.
So if you come down a little bit you can see the usage and it's pretty awesome.
All you have to say Image view dot SD set image and specify a URL.
That's it.
It's it will download it and show it inside of a Image view.
And in here if you want you can add a place holder as well until it gets downloaded.
It shows the place holder if you want one.
OK.
So that's what we're going to do.
That's what we're going to use.
And in order to use that in order to import that we have to download it using parts.
So as you can see it gives you a description for using part files.
So all we have to do is just copy and paste this line from here.
And it's fairly easy path as the web image.
OK I'm going to copy this as it is and see if this works.
And I believe just writing pod SD web image will work as well.
But I'm going to try this first because it's instructed as it is.
OK.
And then later on I'm going to adjust it if it doesn't work.
Thank God we own.
We already have our pod because we have actually imported fire bays into our project as well.
So make sure you close down the access code OK and go to your pod file and open that this text edit.
So we already have some values in here let me zoom in a little bit.
OK.
We have the pods of the five your base and I'm going to paste this as developing image on the bottom
of this file and I'm going to save this and just run party install in the terminal.
So let's open our terminal as usual.
OK.
And we're going to have to go to our folder by typing C.D. and unless.
So remember how it's done.
If you type unless it shows the list of available files and folders if you type C.D. it changes the
directory.
So I'm going to inside of my download and Io is complete and e-book long firebase.
So I'm doing this kind of fast because we have been doing this for a long time right now.
So I'm just going to write all these tall and let's see if we can get this back from the server.
OK.
And as you can see we get an error.
It says that yeah I cannot find that version of a Steve Webb image cape.
So we specified it as five point 0.
So as I said before I believe the best way to overcome this problem is just opening this pod file OK
and deleting this.
So let me zoom in so delete those five O from here.
Just make sure that you delete that you delete this comma as well and just leave this as it is.
Steve up image.
OK.
So let's try this in this way this time.
OK let's run Polly install one more time from our terminal.
And as you can see now it works.
We're getting DSD web image.
It shows in green and all the other pods are shown in black.
As I've told you before we are just downloading the the web image this time.
The other pods are already downloaded.
So if you close this down and if you open the workspace not the X code project but the workspace you
are more than welcome to use sd that image in here.
In any view controller you want and make sure you wait until this indexing is completed.
If you don't wait you may get an error when you try to get an AC web image library into your weave controller
by saying import.
OK.
So after this completes I'm going to go over here and say import.
So like does import as the in part as the that image.
So here you go.
And if this doesn't work out for you you can't come over here.
OK.
If you cannot import the SD web image come over it build faces tab build phases and in the linked binary
with libraries you can't click this plus button to bring in the SD web image from the list.
Right now I don't have to do that but if you get any error or if you cannot find the SD web image you
can just do that.
And that that's valid for all other external libraries you're gonna work with in your AOS projects as
well.
So right now rather than saying this I'm going to go over and say Sell that user image that S D set
image.
So that's what we need.
We're just going to specify your URL and then it will just download this image from the URL and a sign
into DSD is assigning to the user Image view.
So we have other options here as well like a place holder image.
I don't want that.
Okay I'm just going to go with this.
And I you're more than welcome to use place holder image as well.
But in my case I don't need it and I'm not going to use completion block as well it gives us a completion
block but it doesn't make sense for me to check it every time I download this pass from the firebase
I'm going to do this for a lot of POS so I'm going to delete it later on and here I'm going to convert
my string to be a you are real.
OK so I can do this by saying your real strength because remember our user image array consists of strings.
So if you say you're real it will ask you for us drink and the string will come from user image array
index path that row.
OK index path.
That's right.
So again I don't need any completion block.
I don't have time to do that in this app.
But if you want you can create it like this.
So that's it.
I believe we can't test is now because this will just take care of our downloading problem.
So this is perfect.
Right.
This is one single line and it takes care of asynchronously downloading everything from the.
Given your eyes and displaying them into the image views.
If we virtually do that manually we will have to write a lot of codes.
But thanks to the pilots thanks to the external libraries we can take care of our problems easily this
way.
And that's the BD of SWIFT as well.
So we have a lot of libraries working with swift natively.
So let me open this up.
Let me open my app in our simulator and let's see if we can get this in our feed.
We have controller.
Here you go.
Now we see the images.
So that's great.
So it's working as you can see.
So let's try to upload a new one.
OK let's tap to select here and let's choose another picture from here like this one.
OK.
Let's call this last supper or maybe DaVinci.
Let's try to upload this once I hit that the upload starts and takes me back to my feet and eat my feed.
I see the DaVinci but as you can see there some kind of problems going on in here I see duplicate values.
OK.
And I don't see them by order so in order to overcome this duplicate values it's fairly easy we can
just clear the content of the areas before we go in the far loop.
Okay so let me go back here before we go in the for loop.
I can come over here and clear the content of the race so I can just say soft dot user imagery that
remove all not to remove add remove all.
OK so keeping capacity false.
And I'm going to do that for all the arrays.
So like user email or a dot to remove all OK.
False and then later on s dot user comments area that remove all keeping capacity false.
And finally like Eric.
Yeah.
S dot like her a dot to remove all keeping capacity false and that's it.
That's going to take care of my duplicate problems.
And in order to order everything by date we're going to have to do our query by dates.
We're going to see how to do that.
But for right now as you can see when I open this it's only shows me tree values here three parts.
And that's exactly what I want.
And we still don't have the order exactly as we want because as you can see the DaVinci is placed in
the middle in here and it's placed in the middle in my feed view as well.
So like button doesn't work as we want.
So we're going to take care of this problems in the following lectures.